Can we make this quick?  Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad.  Again.	Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.
Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.	Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.
Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.	Okay... then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine.  Saturday?  Night?
You're asking me out.  That's so cute. What's your name again?	Forget it.
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---	Cameron.
Cameron.	The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.
The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.	Seems like she could get a date easy enough...
Why?	Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.
Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.	That's a shame.
Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...	Let me see what I can do.
C'esc ma tete. This is my head	Right.  See?  You're ready for the quiz.
Right.  See?  You're ready for the quiz.	I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.
I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.	That's because it's such a nice one.
That's because it's such a nice one.	Forget French.
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?	Well, there's someone I think might be --
There.	Where?
You got something on your mind?	I counted on you to help my cause. You and that thug are obviously failing. Aren't we ever going on our date?
You have my word.  As a gentleman	You're sweet.
How do you get your hair to look like that?	Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days. And I never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment.
Sure have.	I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.
I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.	I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem to be goin' for him.
She's not a...	Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.
Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.	So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?
So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?	Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes.
Hi.	Looks like things worked out tonight, huh?
You know Chastity?	I believe we share an art instructor
Have fun tonight?	Tons
"I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be ""occupied""."	I was?
I was?	You never wanted to go out with 'me, did you?
Well, no...	Then that's all you had to say.
Then that's all you had to say.	But
But	You always been this selfish?
"Then Guillermo says, ""If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."""	No...
do you listen to this crap?	What crap?
What crap?	Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.
Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.	Thank God!  If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure...
I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.	What good stuff?
What good stuff?	"The ""real you""."
"The ""real you""."	Like my fear of wearing pastels?
"I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become this ""persona""?  And you don't know how to quit?"	No
No	Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
Wow	Let's go.
She okay?	I hope so.
They do to!	They do not!
Did you change your hair?	No.
No.	You might wanna think about it
Where did he go?  He was just here.	Who?
Who?	Joey.
Great	Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.	Is he oily or dry?
Is he oily or dry?	Combination.  I don't know -- I thought he'd be different.  More of a gentleman...
Bianca, I don't think the highlights of dating Joey Dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding.	Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?
Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?	All I know is -- I'd give up my private line to go out with a guy like Joey.
I have to be home in twenty minutes.	I don't have to be home 'til two.
You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?	I did.
It's more	Expensive?
Exactly  So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?	Hopefully.
"So yeah, I've got the Sears catalog thing going -- and the tube sock gig "" that's gonna be huge.  And then I'm up for an ad for Queen Harry next week."	Queen Harry?
Queen Harry?	It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff.
Neat...	My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year.
Hey, sweet cheeks.	Hi, Joey.
Hi, Joey.	You're concentrating awfully hard considering it's gym class.
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.	You know the deal.  I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --
Where've you been?	Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.
I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.	Can you at least start wearing a bra?
Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?	It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.	Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?
Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?	What do you think?
What do you think?	I think you're a freak.  I think you do this to torture me.  And I think you suck.
You're ruining my life'  Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.	What's normal?
What's normal?	Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that.
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?	At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.	It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?
It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?	Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too.
You are so completely unbalanced.	Can we go now?
Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --	I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.	You're welcome.
Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School.	Like you care.
Like you care.	I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .
I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .	I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.
Joey never told you we went out, did he?	What?
What?	In 9th.  For a month
In 9th.  For a month	Why?
Why?	He was, like, a total babe
He was, like, a total babe	But you hate Joey
But you hate Joey	Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.
Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.	As in...
He said everyone was doing it.  So I did it.	You did what?
You did what?	Just once.  Afterwards, I told him I didn't want to anymore.  I wasn't ready. He got pissed.  Then he broke up with me.
But	"After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because ""everyone else"" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --"
"After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because ""everyone else"" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --"	Why didn't you tell me?
Why didn't you tell me?	I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.
